This document provides samples of the steps necessary to set up a Amazon S3 bucket for use as
a location to store nested CloudFormation templates for the three tiers of the auth-demo
project. The procedure describes how to create a S3 Bucket, enable web site hosting on it,
add a necessary folder to the bucket, copy templates into that folder, and then enter the
properties of the bucket into the auth-demo top level template.

Phase 1. Prepare the S3 bucket.

These steps are performed from the AWS S3 console.

a) Create the S3 bucket and give it a name.

   i. Click "Create bucket" on the "Amazon S3 > Buckets" page.  The "Create bucket" screen appears.
   ii. Enter a bucket name ("my-rpm-repo").
   iii. Choose an appropriate regiion ("us-west-2").
   iv. Choose "ACLs disabled" under Object Ownership.
   v. Deselect "Block all public access" to allow limited public access (a rule to limit it to AWS
   access only will be created shortly.) Check the acknowledgement box.
   vi. Disable "Bucket Versioning".
   vii. Add an appropriate tag.
   viii. Set "Encryption key type" to an appropriate value.
   ix. Click "Create bucket".  The "Create bucket" screen closes.

b) Enable Static website hosting for the bucket.

   i. On the "Amazon S3 > Buckets" page, click on the name of the bucket created in Step a).
   ii. Click on the Properties tab. Find "Static website hosting" at the bottom of the screen. Click "Edit". The "Edit static website hosting" screen appears.
   iii. Under "Statc website hosting", click the Enable radio button.
   iv. Set the "Index document" field to "index.html".
   v.  Click the "Save changes" button.

c) Add a folder to the S3 bucket.

   i. On the "Amazon S3 >  Buckets" page, click on the name of the bucket created in Step a).
   ii. Click on the Objects tab.
   iii. Click on the "Create folder" button.  The "Create folder" screen appears.
   iv. Enter a name in the "Folder Name".
   v. (Optional) Adjust the server-side encryption, if necessary.
   vi. Click the "Create folder" button.  The "Create folder" screen closes.

Phase 2. Copy templates to the folder in the bucket

   i. Run the commands from the command line:
     aws s3 cp auth-rpm/auth-server.template s3://the-bucket-name/the-folder-name
     aws s3 cp caddy-rpm/caddy-server.template s3://the-bucket-name/the-folder-name
     aws s3 cp ldap-rpm/ldap-server.template s3://the-bucket-name/the-folder-name

Phase 3.  Enter the address elements into auth-demo.template

   i. On the "Cloudformation > Stacks > Create stack" page, click the "Upload a template file" button
   ii. Click the "Choose file" button and a popup window appears.
   iii. Select auth-demo.template and click the Open button.  The popup window closes and S3 URL on
   the Create Stack page is populated.
   iv. Click Next.
   v. Enter the bucket name from Phase 1. a) in the TemplateS3Bucket field.
   vi. Enter the folder name from Phase 1. c) in the TemplateS3BucketPath field.
   vii. Set TemplateS3BucketRegion to the AWS region where the bucket is located.
